All day, nigga

All day, nigga
How long you niggas ball? All day, nigga
How much time you spent at the mall? All day, nigga
How many thots do you got on call? All day, nigga
H-how long they keep you in court? All day, nigga
Take you to get this fly? All day, nigga
Tell your P.O. how how long you been high? All day, nigga
Y'all already know I'm straight from the Chi, all day, nigga
South, south, south side! All day, nigga

It's Ye, nigga
Shoppin' for the winter, and it's just May, nigga
Ball so hard, man, this shit cray, nigga
And you ain't gettin' money 'less you got eight figures
From the Jesus piece, man I've been saved, nigga
Just talked to Farrakhan, that's sensei nigga
Told him I've been on ten since 10th grade, nigga
Got a middle finger longer than Dikembe, my nigga, uh
I don't let 'em play with me
I don't let 'em talk to me no kind of way
You better watch what you say to me
People still gettin' popped on the day to day
Oh, when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you, ohh, it all falls down

Oh, when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you, ohh, it all falls down

Man, I promise, she's so self conscious
She has no idea what she's doing in college
That major that she majored in don't make no money
But she won't drop out, her parents will look at her funny

Now, tell me that ain't insecure
The concept of school seems so secure
Sophomore, three years, ain't picked a career
She like, fuck it, I'll just stay down here and do hair

'Cause that's enough money to buy her a few pairs of new airs
'Cause her baby daddy don't really care
She's so precious with the peer pressure
Couldn't afford a car so she named her daughter Alexus

She had hair so long that it looked like weave
Then she cut it all off now she look like Eve
And she be dealing with some issues that you can't believe
Single black female, addicted to retail and well

Oh, when it all, it all falls down
I'm telling you ohh, it all falls down

All of the lights,
All of the lights

Turn up the lights in here, baby
Extra bright, I want y'all to see this
Turn up the lights in here, baby
You know what I need, want you to see everything
Want you to see all of the lights

Fast cars, shooting stars
Until it's Vegas everywhere we are
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life
If you want it, you can get it for the rest of your life

Something wrong, I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I'm heading home, I'm almost there
I'm on my way, heading up the stairs
To my surprise, a nigga replacing me
I had to take him to that ghetto university

Cop lights, flash lights, spotlights
Strobe lights, street lights
Fast life, drug life, thug life
Rock life, every night
Everybody fired up this evening
I'm exhausted barely breathing
Holding on to what I believe in
No matter what you'll never take that from me

My reign is as far as your eyes can see... its amazing
So amazing, so amazing
So amazing, it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing
So amazing, it's amazing
I'm a monster I'm a killer

I know I'm wrong
I'm a problem
That will never ever be solved
No matter what you'll never take that from me

My reign is as far as your eyes can see... it's amazing
So amazing, so amazing
So amazing, it's amazing
You don't need me to ever write
I read your last message at least 1000 times
At least 1000, at least 1000 times
Alright, alright, alright
Why did you ever listen to
People trying to hate on you
At least you know that's nothing new
Stop everything you're doing now
Cause baby, you're awesome
So awesome

You look too good to be at work
You feel too good to ever hurt
I hope you ready for tonight
I'm gon cook, you'll be dessert
You can't be still
You gotta move, you gotta dance
I gotta live, I gotta love
I got a hope, I got a chance
Didn't you know I was waiting on you?
Waiting on a dream that'll never come true
Didn't you know I was waiting on you?
My face turned to stone when I heard the news

When you decide to break the rules?
'Cause I just heard some real bad news
People talk like it's old news
I played it off and act like I already knew
Stadium Status...

Uh...


My big brother was BIG's brother,
Used to Be Dame and BIG's brother,
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend,
No I.D my mentor, now let the story begin.


It's the hard knock life tour, sell out,
Picture us in the mall coppin' iceberg and yell out jigga,
Yeah that's what we'll yell out,
You know the name do, i gotta spell out, or tell bout?

J.A.Y., and 'Ye so shy, now he won't even step to his idol to say hi.
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by,
Back of my mind, "he could change your life."
With all these beats i did, at least let him hear,
At least you can brag to your friends back at the gig.

But he got me out my mama' crib,
Then he helped me get my mama' a crib.


Big brother was BIG's brother,
Used to be Dame and BIG's brother,
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend,
No I.D my mentor, now let the story begin.

Let the story begin.
If you feel the way i feel, why don't you wave your hands?


Fresh off the plane, I'm off the base line.
Nothin' handed out, I'm bout to take mine.
For my theme song
My leather black jeans on
My by any means on
Pardon, I'm getting my scream on
Enter the kingdom
But watch who you bring home
They see a black man with a white woman
At the top floor they gone come to kill King Kong
Middle America packed in
Came to see me in my black skin
Number one question they asking
Fuck every question you asking
If I don't get ran out by Catholics
Here come some conservative Baptists
Claiming I'm overreacting
Like them black kids in Chiraq bitch

Four in the morning, and I'm zoning
They say I'm possessed, it's an omen
I keep it 300, like the Romans
300 bitches, where the Trojans?
Baby we living in the moment
I've been a menace for the longest
But I ain't finished, I'm devoted

And you know it, and you know it
Whose fault?

Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names, for sure

I'll call you bitch for short
As a last resort and my first resort
You call me motherfucker for long
At the end of it, you know we both were wrong

But I love to play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names, for sure

On a bathroom wall I wrote
I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else
I took a piss and dismiss it, like fuck it
And I went and found somebody else

Fuck arguing or harvesting the feelings
Yo, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about two am and I call back and I hang up
And I start to blame myself, somebody help

Let's play the blame game, I love you more
Let's play the blame game for sure
Let's call out names, names, I hate you more
Let's call out names, names, for sure

You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, some real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom
Gripping you up, fucking, and choking you

What the hell was I supposed to do?
I know you ain't getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are, I hope you have a good time
'Cause I definitely be having mine

And you ain't fixin' to see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear about other nigga's stroking you
Lie and say I hit you, he sitting there consoling you
Running my name through the mud, who's provoking you?

You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and can't nobody get control of you
1 a.m. and can't nobody get a hold of you
Strange fruit hanging from the poplar trees

I just need to clear my mind now
It's been racin' since the summertime
And I'm holdin' down the summer now
And all I want is what I can't buy now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I told you to wait
Yeah I told you to wait
So I'mma need a little more time now
Cause I ain't got the money on me right now
And I thought you could wait
Yeah, I thought you could wait
These bitches surroundin' me
All want somethin' out me
Then they talk about me
Would be lost without me
We could've been somebody
Thought you'd be different 'bout it
Now I know you not it
So let's get on with it

We could've been somebody
'stead you had to tell somebody
Let's take it back to the first party
When you tried your first molly
And came out of your body
And came out of your body
Running naked down the lobby
I know you're tired of loving, of loving
With nobody to love, nobody, nobody

Just grab somebody, no leaving this party With nobody to love, nobody, nobody
All them other niggas lame, and you know it now
When a real nigga hold you down

You supposed to drown What you doing in the club on a Thursday?
She say she only here for her girl birthday They ordered champagne but still look thirsty Rock Forever 21 but just turned thirty I know I got a bad reputation Walking 'round, always mad reputation

Leave a pretty girl sad reputation
Start a Fight Club, Brad reputation I turnt the nightclub out of the basement I'll turn the plane 'round, your ass keep complaining
La la la la

Wait 'til I get my money right
I had a dream I could buy my way to heaven
When I awoke I spent that on a necklace
I told God I'd be back in a second
Man, it's so hard not to act reckless
To whom much is given much is tested
Get arrested guess until he get the message

I feel the pressure, under more scrutiny

And what I do? Act more stupidly
Bought more jewelry, more Louis V
My momma couldn't get through to me
The drama, people suing me
I'm on TV talkin' like it's just you and me
I'm just saying how I feel, man
I ain't one of the Cosby's, I ain't go to Hill, man
I guess the money should have changed him
I guess I should have forgot where I came from
La la la la
Wait 'til I get my money right
La la la la
Then you can't tell me nothing, right?
Excuse me? Was you saying something?
Uh uh, you can't tell me nothing
You can't tell me nothing
Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

Yes I did, so I packed it up and brought it back to the crib
Just a little somethin', show you how we live
Everybody want it but it ain't that serious
Mmm hmm, that's that shit
So if you gon' do it, do it just like this

Did you realize
That you were a champion in their eyes?

You don't see just how wild the crowd is?
You don't see just how fly my style is?
I don't see why I need a stylist
When I shop so much I can speak Italian
I don't know I just want it better for my kids
And I ain't sayin' we was from the projects
But every time I wanted, layaway or a deposit
My daddy'd say "When you see clothes close your eyelids"
We was sort of like Will Smith and his son
In the movie I ain't talkin' 'bout the rich ones
'Cause every summer he'd get some
Brand new hare-brained scheme to get rich from
And I don't know what he did for dough
But he'd send me back to school wit' a new wardrobe and hey! hey! hey! hey!

Lifestyle on camera
Hundred thousand dollar chandelier

They tried to turn me to an animal
But white people think I'm radical
Supermodels think I'm handsome
You might think I'm too aggressive
Really I think I'm too passive

Til I pull out the chopper, start blastin'
1500, all in singles

Throw it up, watch it fall and drop
Round and round they go
Round and round they go
Pray for me
I'm about to hit the Ye button
I don't wanna say nothin' wrong
But it'd be wrong if I ain't say nothin'
Imagine if I ain't say somethin'
Wasn't nothin', you could say nothin'
I done lost and made money
Now I'm makin' somethin' they can't take from me
Now I'm fresh out of debt in this mothafucka!
And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka!
Yeezy might have to go put his Louis on

I'm 'bout to go Gucci in the Gucci store
Fresh out the pen in this mothafucka

And they still ain't ready yet for a mothafucka
Gucci Mane and I'm 'bout to put my Yeezys on
Now that Gucci's home, it's over for you Gucci clones
1500, all in singles
Throw it up, watch it fall and drop

Round and round they go
Round and round they go

Champions, we run the city
Number one, they fallin' from the top
Round and round they go
Round and round they go
Look, I say a prayer for my enemies
They cannot slow down what's meant for me
Funny how they come around like I can't see through their secret identities
Lately it's all about Zen and me
Subtractin' the negative energy
With the family, turn your ass to a memory
I'm with the team of the century
I blow the check up, detonation
Kill 'em one by one, Final Destination
Time my destination

I got guardian angels all around a nigga, that's the flexin' single
[John Legend - Chorus]
I got the World in my hands, the master plan
But I don't know why I keep calling
Why I keep all of these girls at my shows
They loving me but I don't know why
I keep calling
Why I keep calling you

All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now
All the models to the floor right now

[Kanye West]
I'm in my Christian Dior with a Veronica Webb
Noemie Lenoir, Chanel, Sessilee Lopez
Arlenis Sosa, Selita Ebanks
If you work with my people, speak that Jourdan Dunn language
Make a phone call, out to Joan Smalls
I wonder how it feel to lower Stone's walls
Jessica Gomes, y'all, I would damage her
And see if Jessica Stam got the stamina
I'm in the car with Leo and the Benz swerve
I heard Bar was friends with Esti Ginzburg
Coco Rocha, Kate Mimosa
Alessandra Ambrosio, Anja Rubik
Get Olga Kurylenko, tell her I'm very single
Abbey Lee too, I'm a freak boo
I'm wilding, I'm on a thousand
I wanna see Irina Shayk next to Doutzen


I got the World in my hands, the master plan
But I don't know why I keep calling
Why I keep all of these girls at my shows
They loving me but I don't know why
I keep calling
Why I keep calling you

[Kanye West]
Christian Dior denim flow
I told her I'm tryna eat out so what we going for dinner for

[Pusha T]
Miami nights on the search for some T and A
Tryna hide what's obvious to see in me
We conversate a bit about your DNA
What of the dollar you murdered for.
Is that the one fighting for your soul.
Or your brother's the one that you're running from.
But if you got money, fuck it, 'cause I want some.
Ain't nobody fuckin' with my.
Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique.
Ain't nobody fresher than my motherfucking Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique.
As I look around, they don't do it like my Clique, clique, clique, clique, clique.
And all these bad bitches, man, they want the.
They want the, they want the.
I tell a bad bitch do whatever I say.
My block behind me like I'm coming out the driveway.
It's grind-day, from Friday, to next Friday.
I been up straight for nine days, I need a spa day.
She tryna get me that poo tang.
I might let my crew bang.
My crew deeper than Wu Tang.
I'm rolling with fuck I'm saying?
Girl, you know my crew nameYou know 2 Chainz?
Scrrr!
I'm pullin' up in that Bruce Wanye.
But I'm the fuckin' villain, man, they kneeling when I'm walking in the building.
Freaky women I be feelin' from the bank accounts I'm fillin'.
What a feeling, ah man, they gotta be.
Young player from the D that's killin' everything that he see.
Kanye West!
DJ Khaled!

Can't a young nigga get money any more?
Tell PETA my mink is dragging on the floor
Can I have a bad bitch without no flaws
Come to meet me without no drawers?

Dinner with Anna Wintour, racing with Anja Rubik
I told you mahfuckas it was more than the music
In the projects one day, to Project Runway
We done heard all that loud-ass talking, we're used to it
I'm from where shorties fucked up, double-cupped up
Might even kill somebody and YouTube it
To whoever think their words affect me is too stupid
And if you can do it better than me, then you do it!
We flyer than a parakeet, floatin' with no parachute
Six thousand dollar pair of shoes, we made it to the Paris news!
On lonely nights I start to fade
Her love is a thousand miles away
Memories made in the coldest winter
Goodbye my friend will I ever love again

Memories made in the coldest winter

It's 4am and I can't sleep
You might think you've peeked the scene
You haven't, the real one's far too mean
The watered down one, the one you know
Was made up centuries ago

It may just sound all whack and corny
Yes, it's awful, blasted boring
Twisted fiction, sick addiction
Well, gather 'round, children, zip it, listen

Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Can we get much higher? So high
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

I fantasized 'bout this back in Chicago
Mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
That's me, the first year that I blow
How you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo

We drowned sorrow in that Diablo,
Me found bravery in my bravado
I love it though
I love it though

Uh put your hands to the constellations
they way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I'm preaching to the congregation
we love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
we aint married but tonight I need some consummation

may the Lord forgive us
may the God's be with us
and that magic hour I seen good christians make rash decisions
oh she do it, what happened to Religion?
oh she lose it
she putting on her make up
she casually allure
text message break up, the casualty of tour
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me

Diamonds are forever

Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?...

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid,
Seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived, cuz

It take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe does
he write his own rhymes, so sort of
I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than u ever thought up
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talkin' bout classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort or even a four-track recorder
so its only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
- its for yourself that's important
If a stripper named Porscha and u get tips from many men
Then your fat friend her nickname is Minivan
Excuse me,
That's just the Henny, man, I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop I can't because

Explain yourself, how you sound like me?

The muthaf-cking skateboard P

Knowing that your mee lo

Playing games like you're cee-lo

In a tight situation like speedo's

You can have it your way like Carlito

My n-gga will be happy to give you torpedos

And have you car twisted like a blunt

For you faggot a-s n-ggas that like to front

I'm on some BBC bape sh-t

I'm on some cake sh-t

In the kitchen with the heat making beats in my apron

You hating and you want to erase it

Close your eyes when you know you can't take it

My flow interupts your homeostasis

I Rolls Royce it on a regular basis

You talk street sh-t it sound like sweet sh-t

Straight liquorice you n-ggas sound ticklish

80k large for the Hermes dream

Coke n crop in all your magazines

Hunger strike yourself, look like Celine

Dion, me and my n-ggas like frion

You b-tches on my pecan b-tch

She got an a-s you can eat on

Try to play tough like the leather on a Vuitton

I hit it til I could seat on

Try to get her freak on

Ask me to R Kelly ya and get pee'd on
Oh, oh, ohoo
Damn, here we go again
Oh, oh, ohoo
Common passed on this beat, I made it to a jam

Now everything I'm not made me everything I am
Damn, here we go again
People talkin' shit but when the shit hit the fan
Everything I'm not made me everything I am

I never be picture perfect Beyonce
Be light as Albi or black as Chauncey
Remember him from BLACKstreet
He was as black as the street was

I'll never be laid back as his beat was
I never could see why people'll reach a
Fake ass facade they couldn't keep up
Y'see how I creeped up?

Y'see how I played a big role in Chicago like Queen Latifah?
I never rock a mink coat in the winter time like Killa Cam
Or rock some mink boots in the summertime like Will.I.Am
Let me know if you feel it man
'Cause everything I'm not made me everything I am
Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman


Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
Your love is fadin'
Your love is fadin'
Your love is fadin'
I feel it's fadin'

When no one ain't around
I feel it's fadin'
I think I think too much
I feel it's fadin'
Ain't nobody watchin'

I feel it's fadin'

I just fade away

I feel it...
Fade away
I feel it...
I feel it...
Fade away-ay-ay-ay

I think I think too much
I feel it...

Your love is fadin'
I feel it...

Roll up, roll up
Hold up, hold up
Po' up, po' up
I feel it
I love to
I wanna
I'm tryna

I feel it
I'ma rock the boat
Work the middle 'til it hurt a little
Man I can understand how it might be
Kinda hard to love a girl like me
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
I just wanted you to know
Swizz told me let the beat rock

For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous
They mad they're still nameless
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous
Yeah we still hood famous

I just wanted you to know
I loved you better than your own kin did

From the very start
I don't blame you much for wanting to be free
Wake up, Mr West! Oh, he's up!
I just wanted you to know
You're the only power
You're the only power that can
You're the only power
You're the only power that can, ohhhh
Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh

If young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you

Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted
Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted

Just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
You're the only power
You're the only power that can
You're the only power
You're the only power that can, ohhhh
Ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh, ohhhh

If young Metro don't trust you I'm gon' shoot you

Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted
Beautiful morning, you're the sun in my morning babe
Nothing unwanted

Just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Flashing lights
Flashing lights
Flashing lights
Flashing lights

She don't believe in shooting stars
But she believe in shoes & cars
Wood floors in the new apartment
Couture from the store's department
You more like L'eau de Stardee shit
I'm more of the, trips to Florida
Order the h'orderves, views of the water
Straight from the page of your favorite author
And the weather so breezy
Man why can't life always be this easy
She in the mirror dancing so sleazy
I get a call like "Where are you Yeezy?"
And try to hit you with a 'Oeur de Whopee'
Till I get flashed by the paparazzi
Damn, these nigga's got me

I been waiting for a minute
For my, lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul, my soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul

They wish I would go ahead and fuck my life up
Can't let them get to me
And even though I always fuck my life up
Only I can mention me
She take my money when I'm in need
Yea she's a triflin' friend indeed
Oh she's a gold digger way over town
That digs on me

Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
But she ain't messin' wit no broke niggaz
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger
But she ain't messin' wit no broke niggaz

Get down girl, go head get down
Get down girl, go head get down
Get down girl, go head get down
Get down girl, go head

Cutie the bomb, met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton under her underarm
She said I can tell you ROC, I can tell by ya charm
Far as girls you got a flock
I can tell by ya charm and ya arm

But I'm lookin' for the one
Have you seen her?
My psychic told me she have a ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
An I gotta take all they bad ass to showbiz

Ok, get yo' kids but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got a pen
We all went to Den and then I had to pay
If you fuckin' with this girl then you betta be payed
You know why?
But it's too late, it's too late
He gone

You sweat her, and I ain't talkin' 'bout a Coogi
You a big L, and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least 20 Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
Brother Numpsay! Groupies sound too choosy
Take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Friday's, I still have it my way

Too late, we gone, we strivin' home
Gone, we ride on chrome
It's too late

Y'all don't want no prob from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern, and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer, in the winter
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught somethin' on the Usher tour he had to "Let it Burn"
Plus he already got three chil'run
Arguin' over babysitters like, "Bitch, it's yo' turn!"
Damn 'Ye, it'd be stupid to ditch you
Even your superficial raps is super official
Are-are-are-Roc pastel with Gucci on
With TV's in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with doobie long
Cause the dookie's on any song that they threw me on, gone

We strivin home, gone
I ride on chrome
We strivin' home, gone
Killa, I ride on chrome

Knock knock, who's there
Killa Cam, Killa who
Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, gorilla true
Like we always do at this time
I go for mine, I got to shine
Now throw your hands up in the sky
I g-go for mine, I got to shine
Now throw your hands up in the sky

I'ma get on this TV mama, I'ma
I'ma put shit down
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, I'm good

Welcome to the good life
Where niggaz that sell D
Won't even get pulled over in they new V
The good life, let's go on a living' spree
Shit they say the best things in life are free
The good life, it feel like Atlanta
It feel like L.A., it feel like Miami
It feel like N.Y., summertime Chi, ahh
So I roll through good
Y'all pop the trunk, I pop the hood, Ferrari
And she got the goods
And she got that ass, I got to look, sorry
Yo it's got to be cause I'm seasoned
Haters give me them salty looks, Lowry's
50 told me go 'head switch the style up
And if they hate then let 'em hate
And watch the money pile up, the good life
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

Not for nothing I've forseen it, I dream it
I can feel it slowly dripping away from me
No more chances if you blow this, you bogus
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
And eventually answers to the call of Autumn
All of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
Got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
Inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
Based off the way we was branded
Face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
And at the airport they check all through my bag and tell me that it's random
But we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
And a new fitted and some job opportunities thats lucrative
This the real world, homie, school finished
They done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?

Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down

Is hip hop, just a euphemism for a new religion
The soul music for the slaves that the youth is missing
But this is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
As long as I'm in Polo's smilin' they think they got me
But they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me
I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
I need to call it off, I need to make it known
'nother one, something gone, Capricorn
Dancing out on the lawn
Fancy like the things she likes
She lives her life, I'm living mine
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan
Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop, chop, chop
All dem a gwaan dem a dem a dem a gwaan

Dem a gwaan gwaan gwaan, chop it and spray
Maybe it's cause
She into Leos and I was into trios
Plus all the trips to Rio, couldn't have helped

It's gettin' cold, better bring your ski clothes
Uhh, yeah And I heard 'em say
Nothin's ever promised tomorrow, today
From the Chi, like Tim, its the Hardaway
So this is in the name of love like Robert say
Before you ask me to go get a job today,
Can I at least get a raise
On the minimum wage?
And I know the government administered AIDS
so I guess we just pray like the minister say
Allah o Akhbar jus' throw him some hot cars
Cause the things we see on the screen is not ours
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far
Where I'm from the dope boys is the rock stars
But they can't cop cars without seeing cop cars
I guess they want us all behind bars
I know it, uhh
And I heard 'em say
In the night, I hear 'em talk,
The coldest story ever told
Somewhere far along this road, he lost his soul to a woman so heartless
How could you be so heartless?
Oh, how could you be so heartless?

How could you be so, cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo
Just remember that you talkin' to me though
You know need to watch the way you talkin' to me, yo
I mean after all the things that we've been through
I mean after all the things we got into
Hey yo, I know of some things that you ain't told me
Hey yo, I did some things but that's the old me
And now you wanna get me back and you goin' show me
So you walk around like you don't know me
You got a new friend, well I got homies
But in the end it's still so lonely

In the night, I hear 'em talk,
The coldest story ever told
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play shit back, I don't know
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only makin' the highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be mine

One life, one night
High lights

I can hold my liquor
But this man can't handle his weed
Dark and lonely now
On Chicago, south of town
I'm on to Indiana
I heard it in the radio now

I can't handle no liquor
But these bitches can't handle me
I can't control my niggas
And my niggas they can't control me
You say you know me, my nigga

But you really just know the old me

Bitch I'm back out my coma
Waking up on your sofa
When I park my Range Rover
Slightly scratch your corolla
Okay, I smashed your corolla
I'm hanging on a hangover
Five years we been over
Ask me why I came over
One more hit and I can own ya
Yeah
And you say Chi City
Chi City, Chi City

I'm comin' home again
Do you think about me now and then?
Do you think about me now and then?
'Cause I'm comin' home again, 'min' home again

I met this girl when I was three years old
And what I loved most, she had so much soul
She said, "Excuse me, little homie, I know you don't know me
But my name is Wendy and I like to blow trees"

And from that point I never blow her off
Niggas come from outta town, I like to show her off
They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off
And make 'em straighten up their act 'cause she know they soft

And when I grew up, she showed me how to go downtown
And at nighttime my face lit up, so astoundin'
And I told her in my heart is where she always be
She never mess with entertainers 'cause they always leave

Blazin, mi don't want dem
Mi need dem
Blazin
Suh mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated
Yo mi tek har outta bugah red and put her in a tall skirt
And now she find out what life is really worth
No to X rated

I am a god
I am a god
I am a god

I am a god
Hurry up with my damn massage
Hurry up with my damn mnage
Get the Porsche out the damn garage
I am a god
Even though I'm a man of God
My whole life in the hands of God
So y'all better quit playing with God

Find your dreams come true
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

I've been waiting on this my whole life
These dreams be waking me up at night
You say I think I'm never wrong
You know what, maybe you're right, aight

And I wonder if you know
What it means, what it means
And I wonder if you know
What it means to find your dreams

Damn your lips very soft
As I turn my Blackberry off
And I turn your bath water on
And you turn off your iPhone

Careless whispers, eye fuckin', bitin' ass
Neck, ears, hand, legs, eatin' ass
Your pussy's too good, I need to crash
Your titties, let 'em out, free at last

Thank God almighty, they free at last
We was up at the party but we was leavin' fast
Had to stop at 7-Eleven like I needed gas
I'm lyin', I needed condoms, don't look through the glass

Chasin' love, lot of bittersweet hours lost
Eatin' Asian pussy, all I need was sweet and sour sauce
Tell your boss you need an extra hour off
Get you super wet after we turn the shower off

That's all them can do
That's all them can do
We deal with action thing
Just a badman thing a dat dem cab do
Action thing yo a badman thing

Man a badman you fi know say
Disrespect we no tek, no way Jose
Try that 'pon February the 30th
Thats hard, couldn't try that no day
Ready, Huh
Yo
We at war

We at war with terrorism, racism
But most of all we at war with ourselves

God show me the way because the Devil's tryna break me down

You know what the Midwest is? Young and restless
Where restless might snatch your necklace
And next these might jack your Lexus
Somebody tell these who Kanye West is
I walk through the valley of the Chi where death is
Top floor the view alone will leave you breathless *gasps*
Try to catch it *gasps* it's kinda hard
Getting choked by detectives, yeah, yeah, now check the method
They be askin' us questions, harass and arrest us
Sayin' "We eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
Huh? Y'all eat pieces of shit? What's the basis?
We ain't going nowhere but got suits and cases
A trunk full of coke, rental car from Avis
My mama used to say only Jesus can save us
I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
To slow down the time

I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
To slow down the time

I'm up in the woods
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a still
Down the time

I'm lost in the world
I'm down on my mind
I'm building a city
And I'm down for the night, down for the night

Says she's down for the night

I'm never alone
Down the time

I'm lost in the world
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
What I had to do, had to run from you
I'm in love with you but the vibe is wrong
And that haunted me, all the way home
So you never know, never never know
Never know enough, 'til it's over love
'Til we lose control, system overload
Screamin' "No! No! No! N-No!"
I'm not loving you, the way I wanted to
See I wanna move, but can't escape from you

So I keep it low, keep a secret code
So everybody else don't have to know

So keep your love locked down
Your love locked down
Keepin' your love locked down
Your love locked down
Now keep your love locked down
Your love locked down
Now keep your love locked down
You lose

I'm not lovin' you the way I wanted to
You want me to give you a testimony about my life, and how good he's been to me. I don't know what to tell you about him, I love him so much with all my heart and my soul with every bone in my body I love him so much because he's done so much for me. 

I never liked you n-ggas
Who knew one day I'd be just like you n-ggas
Uh uh uh alright you n-ggas
Uh uh uh alright you n-ggas
When I become my mama's boyfriends?
When I become my mama's boyfriends?

He walked in our lives
I was only five
Superman pajama's I was super duper fly
Sitting here like why, he at least supersize
You know I scrutinise like who this newer guy
I'm my mama boyfriend I'm her little husband
I was the man of the house when there wasn't
Trying to get to know homie just kill the charm
You ain't interested in me you just tryna f-ck my mum
We are the voices of our parents bad choices
The aftermath of divorces
The kids of bitter split ups
And baby sitters
Grand parents that don't know what to do with us
And the last thing I want to see is mama's new n-gga
You old Old Spice wearing
Well! It is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth

It is a weeping and a mourning and a gnashing of teeth

When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound, believe!

Lamborghini Mercy

Your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo

With your girl she tryna jerk me
Lamborghini Mercy

Your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me

Lamborghini Mercy

Your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
Lamborghini Mercy

Your chick she so thirsty
I'm in that two seat Lambo
With your girl she tryna jerk me
Drop it to the floor
Make that ass shake
Whoa make the ground move, that's an ass quake
Built a house up on that ass, that's an ass state
Roll my weed on it, that's an ass tray
Say Ye, say Ye, don't we do this every day-day?
I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day
Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay
And niggas still hatin', so much hate I need an AK
Now we out in Paris, yeah I'm Perrierin'
White girls politicin' that's that Sarah Palin
Gettin' high, Californicatin'
I give her that d, 'cause that's where I was born and raised in
I shoot the lights out
Hide till it's bright out
Whoa, just another lonely night
Are you willing to sacrifice your life?

Bitch, I'm a monster, no good blood sucker
Fat muthaf-cker, now look who's in trouble
as you run through my jungles all you hear is rumbles

Kanye West sample, here's one for example

Gossip gossip
n-ggas just stop it

everybody know
I'ma need to see your f-cking hands at the concert

I'ma need to see your f-cking hands at the concert

profit profit, n-gga I got it
everybody know I'm a muthaf-cking monster
I'ma need to see your f-cking hands at the concert

I'ma need to see your f-cking hands
The best living or dead hands down huh?
less talk more head right now huh?
and my eyes more red than the devil is

and I'm bout to take it to another level bitch
Du'n't who you go and get, aint nobody cold as this
do the rap and the track triple double no assist
and my only focus is staying on some bogus sh-t

argue with my older bitch acting like I owe her sh-t
I heard the people sayin' raps are gettin' trap, mayne
bought the chain that always give me back pain
f-ckin up my money so yeh I had to act sane
Chi n-gga but these hoes love my accent
she came up to me and said this the number 2 gal
if you wanna make it number one your number 2 now
this that goose an' malibu I call it Malibooya
God damn Yeezy How I hit em with the new style
know that muthaf-cker well, what you gone do now
whatever ever I wanna do, gosh its cool now
nah gonna do, Raaawr its a new now
think yo muthaf-cker really really need to cool down
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D

I believe there's a god above me
I'm just the god of everything else
I put holes in everything else
"New God Flow," fuck everything else
Supreme dope dealer, write it in bold letters
They love a nigga's spirit like Pac at the Coachella
They said Pusha ain't fit with the umbrella
But I was good with the Ye as a wholesaler
I think it's good that 'Ye got a blow dealer
A hot temper, matched with a cold killer
I came aboard for more than just to rhyme with him
Think '99, when Puff woulda had Shyne with him
Goin' HAM in Ibiza done took a toll on us

Well if you goin' coupe, I'm goin' four door

Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that bod

Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D

Shake that body, party that bod

Shake that body, party that bod
Shake that body, party that body
Come and have a good time with G.O.D

Step on they necks 'til they can't breathe
Claim they five stars but sell you dreams
They say death multiplies by threes
Line them all up and let's just see
Fuck em 'Ye, fuck em 'Ye!
I wouldn't piss on that nigga with Grand Marnier They shitty shoppin' at Targt
Im ballin', Amar'e
A nick sold in the park then I want in
What's a king without a crown, nigga?
What's a circus without you clown niggas?

My momma was raised in an era when,
Clean water was only served to the fairer skin
Doing clothes you would have thought I had help
But they wasn't satisfied unless I picked the cotton myself.
You see it's broke nigga racism
That's that "Don't touch anything in the store"
And there's rich nigga racism
That's that "Come here, please buy more"
What you want a Bentley, fur coat and diamond chain?
All you blacks want all the same things
Used to only be niggas now everybody play me
Spending everything on Alexander Wang
New Slaves

You see it's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower

You see it's leaders and there's followers
But I'd rather be a dick than a swallower

I throw these Maybach keys
I wear my heart on the sleeve
La di da da-a, da-a
La da da da di da da-a, la-a
Let me tell you, I'm out here
From a very far away place
All for a chance to be a star
Nowhere seems to be too far

No more parties in L.A
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more parties in L.A
Please, baby, no more parties in L.A., uh
No more
Please

Please

Please

Hey baby you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
It was more than soft porn for the K-man
She remember my Sprinter, said "I was in the grape van"
Uhm, well cutie, I like your bougie booty
Come Erykah Badu me, well, let's make a movie
Hell, you know my repertoire is like a wrestler
I show you the ropes, connect the dots
A country girl that love Hollywood
Mama used to cook red beans and rice
Now it's Denny's, 4 in the morning, spoil your appetite
Liquor pouring and niggas swarming your section with erection
Smoke in every direction, middle finger pedestrians
R&B singers and lesbians, rappers and managers
Music and iPhone cameras
This shit unanimous for you, it's damaging for you, I think
That pussy should only be holding exclusive rights to me, I mean
He flew you in this motherfucker on first class
Even went out his way so you could check in an extra bag
Now you wanna divide the yam like it equate the math?
That shit don't add up, you're making him mad as fuck
She said she came out here to find an A-list rapper
I said baby, spin that round and say the alphabet backwards
You're dealing with malpractice, don't kill a good nigga's confidence
Just cause he a nerd and you don't know what a condom is
The head still good though, the head still good though
Make me say "Nam Myoho Renge Kyo"
Make a nigga say big words and act lyrical
Make me get spiritual
Make me believe in miracles, Buddhist monks and Cap'n Crunch cereal
Lord have mercy, thou will not hurt me
Five buddies all herded up on a Thursday
Bottle service, head service, I came in first place
The opportunity, the proper top of breast and booty cheek
The pop community, I mean these bitches come with union fee

Yeezy season approaching
Fuck whatever y'all been hearing
Fuck what, fuck whatever y'all been wearing
A monster about to come alive again
Soon as I pull up and park the Benz
We get this bitch shaking like Parkinsons
Take my number and lock it in
Indian hair, no moccasins
It's too many hoes in this house of sin
Real nigga back in the house again
Black Timbs all on your couch again
Black dick all in your spouse again
And I know she like chocolate men
As I lay me down to sleep
I hear her speak to me

Hello 'Mari, how ya doin'?
I think the storm ran out of rain, the clouds are movin'
I know you're happy, cause I can see it
So tell the voice inside ya' head to believe it
I talked to God about you, he said he sent you an angel
And look at all that he gave you
You asked for one and you got two
You know I never left you
Cause every road that leads to heaven's right inside you
So I can say

Hello my only one, just like the morning sun
You'll keep on rising till the sky knows your name
Hello my only one, remember who you are
No you're not perfect but you're not your mistakes
Why are you so paranoid?
Don't be so paranoid.
Don't be so

Baby don't worry bout it
Hey there don't even think about it
You worry bout the wrong things
The wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things
The wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things
The wrong things
You worry bout the wrong things
The wrong things

Tell me right now you really wanna spend your whole life alone?
A little time out might do you good, might do us good fore we be done for good.
Coz I can make it good I can make it hood I can make you come I can make you go
I can make it high I can make it fly make you touch the sky hey maybe so
All the time you be up in my checking through my cellphone baby no
You wanna kill the vibe on another night? Here's another fight
Oh here we go
Wise men say
You'll never figure out real love

Its so crazy
I got everything figured out
but for some reason I can never find what real love is about
no doubt
everything in the world figured out but I can never seem to find what love was about

do you think I sacrifice real life
for all the fame, like flashing lights
do you think I sacrifice, a real life
for all the fame, and flashing lights

There is no Gucci I can buy
There is no Louis Vuitton to put on
There is no YSL that they could sell
to get my heart out of this Hell
and my mind out of this jail
There is no clothes that I could buy
that could turn back a time
I'm living' in that 21st century
Doing something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music

No one man should have all that power
The clock's ticking', I just count the hours
Stop tripping', I'm tripping' off the power

The system broken, the schools closed, the prisons open
We ain't got nothing' to lose, ma' fucka', we rolling
Huh? Ma'fucka', we rolling'
With some light-skinned girls and some Kelly Rowlands
In this white man's world, we the ones chosen
So goodnight, cruel world, I see you in the mornin'
Huh? I see you in the mornin'
This is way too much, I need a moment

No one man should have all that power
The clock's tickin', I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm trippin' off the power
'Til then, fuck that, the world's ours

And then they and then they
And then they and then they
And then they and then they
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up by drinkin' after communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?

Tell me you want your tickets when it's gametime
Even to call your daughter on her FaceTime
Even when we was young I used to make time
Now we be way too busy just to make time
Even for my...


Bout the baddest girl I ever seen
Straight up out a movie scene
Who knew she was a drama queen
That'd turn my life to Stephen King
Up late night like she on patrol
Checking everything like Im on parole
I told her there's some things she
dont need to know
She never let it go
Ok, Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You never stop it now
Ok, Ok, Ok
You will never stop it now
You need to drop it
now... drop it... drop it


Cause I dont want no Robocop
You moving like a Robocop
When did you become a Robocop?
Now I dont need no Robocop


Just looking at your history
You like the girl from Misery
She said she aint take
it to this degree
And I always find, yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with' my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

She find pictures in my email
I sent this girl a picture of my dick.
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit.
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

See, I always find
And I always find
Yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast
Yeah, 9:08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit


My wife said, I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowin' I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm goin' crazy on Twitter
My friends' best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spendin'
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretendin'
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in they control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Troll conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God For Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with with no permission, on our own conditions
Most Blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25

And you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
Oh, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
And you wonder where is God in your nightlife
Yeah, you're lookin' at the church in the night sky
Wonderin' whether God's gonna say hi
The night sky, yeah, I feel like I'm home, yeah


Why would she make calls out the blue?
Now I'm awake, sleepless in you

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will
Unless you will
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Don't say you will
Then play you will
I pray you will

Mrs. "So Fly" crashlands in my room
Can't waste no time, she might leave soon

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Charlie Wilson - Chorus)
I know you see me now right now,
I know you see me now right now
I know you see me now right now
I know you see me now right now

I got my suit and tie and i dont know if yall know
Well maybe yall do or maybe yall dont
But i dont really care
cus how we on it all the time
So imma get my money lets go

Now imma need you to kill the hypocrisy, this an aristocracy
Im Socrates but my skin more chocolaty
''Whats up wooo?'' Thats old news
Im in a speed boat, in my boat shoes
Ha?
I swear my whole collection so cruise
I might walk in nobu, with no shoes
He just walked in nobu like it was wholefoods
That nigger crazy i told you
Immatue adult insecure asshole
If you fall on the concrete thats your asphalt
If you pass on that Kane beat, thats your last thought
Get what you ask for i swear thats your ass thought
She got a big booty but she couldnt drop that ass low
So you take your last hoe and rope up all the cash flow
When you getting money they be all up on your ass yo
When you getting money cuts dont matter cus a nigger past go
Straight to jail yo, in a hell hole
I'm cold, I'm cold
I'm cold

Yeah... yeah... I got the right to put up a fight but not quite
Cause you gut off my light but my sight is better tonight and I might see you in my nightmares
Ohhh... how do you get there? Because we were once a fairytale but this is farewell... yeah

I got my life and it's my only one
I got the light, I'm runnin from the sun
So goodnight, I made it out the door... door... door... door... door
After tonight, there will be no return
After tonight, I'm taking off on the road... I'm taking off on the road
And that you know

And that you know... tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you nomore and that's one thing that you know... that you know

Reliving the past?
Your loss!

Rockstar bitch call me Elvis
M.O.B, she call me selfish
Success got 'em jealous
Shorty's killing, while I'm drilling
Tattoos, how they break the news
It was real if you made the news
Last night my bitches came in twos
And they both sucked like they came to lose
Dropped out the first day of school
Cause niggas got cocaine to move
I be going hard, I got a name to prove
Killing 'em, honey how I make the pain improve
Yeezy, Yeezy, what's good?
It's your boy Max B, what's going on?
Just checking in on you
Appreciate the love and support
The wave is here
You a wavey dude anyway, so you already know
Ain't no problem, man, the game...
You already know how this game thing goes
Do your wave nigga
One hand in the air if you don't really care
Two hands in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes I mean ridiculous
It's like that sometimes this shit ridiculous

One hand in the air if you don't really care
Middle finger in the air if you don't really care
It's like that sometimes, man ridiculous
Life can be sometimes ridiculous

I'm so appalled, Spalding ball,
Balding, Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby you're fired, your girlfriend hired
And if you don't mind I'm'a keep you on call

We above the law, we don't give a fuck 'bout y'all
I got dogs that chew a fuckin' hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers

Housekeeping, I mean got damn one time
Let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos

That know, the day that you play me
Will be the same day MTV played videos
That was a little joke -- voila!
Praises due to the most high -- Allah

Praises due to the most fly -- Prada
Baby I'm magic -- ta da!
Address me as your highness
High as United, thirty thousand feet up and you are not invited

Niggas be writin' bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man they outta work
That's why another got damn dance track, gotta hurt
That's why I rather spit something that gotta perk

Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is, fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous, I mean this shit is
Fucking ridiculous

Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man this shit is, fucking ridiculous
Fucking ridiculous

How should I begin this, I'm just so offended
How am I even mentioned by all these fucking beginners?
I'm so appalled I might buy the mall
Just to show niggas how much more I have installed

I'm fresher than you all, so I don't have to pause
All of y'all can suck my balls through my drawers
Dark knight feeling, die or be a hero
Let me know, do I still got time to grow
Things ain't always set in stone
With that being, let me know
Let me
Seems like streetlights glowing

Happened to be just like moments
Passing, in front of me so
I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fair, see
I know my destination
But I'm just not there
All the streetlights glowing
Happened to be just like moments
Passing, in front of me so
I hopped in, the cab and
I paid my fair, see
I know my, destination
But I'm just not there in the streets
In the streets
I'm just not there in the streets

I'm just no there

Life's just not fair
Work it, make it, do it
Make us harder, better, faster, stronger n-na-now th-that that don't kill me can only make me stronger I need you to hurry up now cause I can't wait much longer I know I got to be right now cause I can't get much wronger man, I've been waiting all night now
That's how long I've been on ya

Work it harder
Make it better
Do it faster
Make us stronger
More than ever
Hour after hour
I need you right now

Let's get lost tonight, you could be my black kate moss tonight
Play secretary, I'm the boss tonight
You don't give a fuck what they all say, right?
Awesome the christian in christian dior
Danm, they don't make 'em like this anymore
I ask cause I'm not sure, do anybody make real shit anymore?
Bow in presence of greatness cause right now that has forsaken us
You should be honored by my lateness
That I'd even show up to this fake shit
So go ahead, go nuts, go ape shit
Specially on my best stand on my bape shit
Act like you can't tell who made this
New gospel homey take six, and take this haters
 n-na-now th-that that don't kill me

A little sugar, honey suckle lamb
Great expression of happiness
Boy, you could not miss with a dozen roses
Such would astound you
The joy of children laughing around you
These are the makings of you
It is true, the makings of you, oh

I do it for the fore-fathers and the street authors
that are not A&R's in the cheap office
rappers that never got signed but they keep offers
girls thats way too fine for us to keep off us
gave her a handshake only for my man's sake
she in her birthday suit cause of the damn cake
now there's crumbs all over the damn place
and she want me to cum all over her damn face
I never understood planned parenthood
cause I never met nobody plan to be a parent in the hood
taking refills of that plan B pill
another shorty that won't make it to the family will
If I don't make it, can't take it, hope the family will
they aint crazy they don't know how insanity feel
Don C just had a shorty so it's not that bad
but I still hear the ghosts of the kids I never had

A little sugar, honey suckle lamb
Great expression of happiness
Yo G they can't stop me from rapping can they?
Can they huh?
I spit it through the wire man
It's too much stuff on my heart right now, man
I'll gladly risk it all right now
It's a life or death situation, man

Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man
It's your boy Kanye to the
Chi-Town what's going on
Uh huh, yeah, yeah
I drink a boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dizzert
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man bizerk
Not to worry the Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back wizzork

How do you console my mom or give her light support

Telling her, her sons' on life support
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmit Till
She was with me before the deal she been trying to be mine
She a delta so she been throwing that dynasty sign
I'm use to trying to reline
I've been trying to be sign
Trying to be a millionaire
How I use two lifelines
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, I made up in my mind
I'm doin' things my way, I'm burnin' shit down tonight
I'm doin' things my way, it's my way or the highway
Let me say it one more time

Let me see you put your middle fingers up
To the world, to the world, to the world
To the world, to the world, to the world
Let me see you put your middle fingers up
Middle fingers up!

Deuces minus one
Middle finger to the sky tonight
The whole world is a couch
Bitch I'm Rick James tonight
Throw it up, throw it up
Cause you can't take it with you
Funny how they wait 'til you gone just to miss you
To the world, to the world
Featuring Lupe Fiasco

I gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'm a touch the sky
Gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'm a touch the sky

Back when they thought pink polos would hurt the Roc,
Before Cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed.
I felt like Bad Boy's street team, I couldn't work the Lox.
Now let's go.
Take 'em back to the plan...
Me and my mama hopped in the U-Haul van.
Any pessimists I ain't talk to them,
Plus, I ain't have no phone in my apartment.
Let's take 'em back to the club.
Least about an hour I would stand on line,
I just wanted to dance.
I went to Jacob an hour after I got my advance.
I just wanted to shine.
Jay's favorite line: "Dog, in due time"
Now he look at me, like "Damn, dog, you where I am"
A hip hop legend,
I think I died in an accident, cause this must be heaven.

I gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'm a touch the sky
Gotta testify, come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die, I'm a touch the sky

Now let's take 'em high-igh-igh-igh-igh-igh la la la la la la la
Top of the world, baby. T-Top of the world
Yes, God)
We don't want no devils in the house, God
We want the lord
And that's it
Hallej- hand over Satan
Jesus praise the Lord
Hallelujah, God
We don't want no devils in the house, God
We want the lord
And that's it
Hallej- hand over Satan
Jesus praise the Lord

I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
This is everything
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
We know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
That's why we need you now, oh, I
Pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam

This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything
Turn it up!

Step up in this bitch like
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
And she grabbin' on my dick like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave

Waves don't die
Let me crash here for the moment
I don't need to own it
No lie
Kanye:
My friend showed me pictures of his kids
And all i could show him was pictures of my cribs
He said his daughter got a brand new report card
And all i got was a brand new sports car

Kid cudi:
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
Ohhoo ohhoo
Ohhhhoooo

Kany:
Dad cracked a joke all the kids laughed
But i couldn't hear 'em all the way in first class
Chased the good life my whole life long
Look back on my life and my life gone... where did I go wrong?

Kid cudi:
And my head keeps spinning
Can't stop having these visions I gotta get with it
[Hook]
Just me and you girl
Wooooaah ohhh
Just me and you girl
Wooooaah ohhh


Trying to sneak upstairs to your apartment
Aren't you a sight for red eyes
I just flew in and slipped in on your left side
Just a satin gown, you asleep with no make-up
I'm just tryna be inside you 'fore you wake up

[Hook]
Just me and you girl
Wooooaah ohhh


We had problems but it's all in the past
Everybody got problems baby, algebra class
Remember I used to do things that'd make you laugh
Like orderin' a girl drink in a masculine glass
You like pia coladas, getting caught in the rain
Or rocking flannels all summer like Kurt Cobain
Or that Dolce Gabbana with a few gold chains
And you the type of girl that probably deserve a new last name
But, they never let us do our thing
Everybody lying on who I bang
We was on fire but they blew our flame
Ain't no denying baby you have changed
[Gil-Scott Heron]

Us living as we do upside down.
And the new word to have is revolution.
People don't even want to hear the preacher
spill or spiel because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued.
And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey.
The youngsters who were programmed to continue
fucking up woke up one night digging
Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys.
Lost and beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
Right 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

Lost and, found now
Turn down, I'm lost
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
I need you now
I do, love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama, knew how
You turned out
You too wild
You too wild, you too wild

You too wild, and I need you now

Lost and found now
I, I'm not sorry
